# Eagle Creek Travel Bags

## References

- [Eagle Creek Travel Bags - Deep English](https://deepenglish.com/lessons/eagle-creek/)

## Attempt 1

**Score:** 6.5

This is an interesting blog post, it isn't about a story as usual is something
like advertising, though was funny to read.

According to the author who bought a bag from the Eagle Creek brand, that was
such a bargain. The travel bags include a lifetime warranty that covers
anything, if the bags rips or the zipper is broken they will send you a new one
or repair the current one.

They also are beautiful bags and could resits against wear and tear. The
author's bag has more than 20 years for a price of $200, es decir, $10 yearly or
less than $1 per month.

## Attempt 2

**Score:** 7

The last post I read from the Deep English blog was interesting since it wasn't
a regular story it was like advertising, though was funny to read.

According to the author who bought a bag from the Eagle Creek brand, 20 years
ago for $200. That is, $10 yearly or less than $1 per month. That's such a
bargain. However, the travel bags are special not just only because they are
beautiful and resit against wear and tear, but they also include a lifetime
warranty. No matter what they will repair your current one or send you a new
one.

## Attempt 3

**Score:** 7.5

The last post I read from the Deep English blog was interesting since it wasn't
a regular story, it was more like advertising, though was funny to read.

The author bought a travel bag from the Eagle Creek brand for $200, 20 years
ago. That is, $10 yearly or less than $1 per month. Such a bargain, no? However,
the travel bags are special not just because their design or resist against wear
and tear, they also include a lifetime warranty. No matter what they will repair
your current one or send you a new one.

## Attempt 4

**Score:** 8

The last post I read from the Deep English blog was very interesting, it wasn't
the usual story, it was more like advertising, though it was funny to read.

The author bought a travel bag from the Eagle Creek for $200, 20 years ago. That
is, $10 yearly or less than $1 per month. Such a bargain, isn't it? However, the
bags are special not just because their design or their resistance to wear and
tear, they also include a lifetime warranty. In others words, no matter what
they will repair your current one or send you a new one.
