# Cell Phones â€“ The New Cigarettes?

## References

- [Cell Phones - The New Cigarettes? - Deep English](https://deepenglish.com/lessons/cell-phones-the-new-cigarettes/)

## Attempt 1

**Score:** 6.5

In this post the author wonder if cell phones could be as dangerous as
cigarettes. They aren't talking about the addiction even when people spend more
and more time every day on their phones, they are concern for a possible harmful
effects we don't know.

At the beginning, everybody used cigarettes ignoring that they could be harmful.
However, scientists discovered after a time how they are linked with lung
cancer. Just then, people start to worry about their smoking habits.

According to studies from the last 5 years, cell phones emit electromagnetic
radiation. Since, we are attending calls frequently, putting these phones in our
ears, meaning that they are very close to our brains. Longer exposure to
electromagnetic radiation in our brains could cause a DNA damage and perhaps
even causing cancerous tumors to form over time.

So, the author suggests getting some gadget to avoid direct contact, and reduce
the likelihood of getting the disadvantages. It's difficult to picture a life
without such a useful tools, but a conscious use could give us all we need to
overcome the problem.

## Attempt 2

**Score:** 7

In this post the author wonders if there's possible that phones could be as
dangerous as cigarettes. They aren't talking about the addiction even when
people spend more and more time on their phones daily. They are actually worry
about a possible harmful effect we ignore right now.

However, in the past everybody used cigarettes without knowing the possible
implications. Just after a time, scientists discovered that cigarettes are
linked with lung cancer, when people start to concern about their smoking
habits.

According to studies from the last 5 years, cell phones emit electromagnetic
radiation. Meaning that when we use them close to our brain we are increasing
the likelihood of getting DNA damage and perhaps even causing cancerous tumors
to form over time.

So, the author suggests getting some gadget to avoid direct contact and reduce
the possibilities of getting the disadvantages of such a useful tool. I'm sure
that knowing this information we will find a solution.

## Attempt 3

**Score:** 7.5

In this post the author wonders if it's possible that phones could be as
dangerous as cigarettes. They aren't talking about the addiction even when
people spend more and more time on their phones daily. They are actually
concerned about a possible harmful effect we don't know about yet.

However, in the past everybody used cigarettes without knowing the possible
implications. Eventually, scientists discovered that they are linked with lung
cancer when people started to worry for their smoking habits.

According to studies from the last 5 years, cell phones emit electromagnetic
radiation. This means that when we use them close to our brains, we are
increasing the likelihood of getting DNA damage and perhaps even causing
cancerous tumors to form over time.

So, the author suggests getting some gadget to avoid direct contact and reduce
the risk of using such a useful tool. Though, I'm sure that knowing this
information we will find a proper solution.

## Attempt 4

**Score:**

In this post the author wonders if it's possible that cell phones could be as
dangerous as cigarettes. They aren't talking about the addiction even when
people spend more and more time on their phones daily. They are actually
concerned about possible harmful effects we don't know about yet.

However, in the past everybody used cigarettes without knowing the possible
implications. Eventually, scientists discovered that they are linked with lung
cancer when people started to worry about their smoking habits.

According to studies from the last 5 years, cell phones emit electromagnetic
radiation. This means that when we use them close to our brains, we are
increasing the likelihood of getting DNA damage and perhaps even causing
cancerous tumors to form over time.

So, the author suggests getting some gadget to avoid direct contact and reduce
the risks of using such a useful tool. Still, I'm sure that knowing this
information we will find a good solution.
