# How to Improve Your Pronunciation: Shadowing

## References

- [How to Improve Your Pronunciation: Shadowing - Deep English](https://deepenglish.com/lessons/shadowing/)

## Attempt 1

**Score:** 7

The purpose of this blog post is to introduce you with a technique to improve
your pronunciation in your target language.

When you try to use your target language the very first time you will
immediately understand how bad you are (this is pretty normal, actually is the
rule). Usually when you are trying to produce a different language you will
notice that this has a different rhythm, intonation, expressions, ways to
communicate certain ideas, etc.

This effect is even possible to experiment it in you native language when you
try to hear a song. Singers modify the language to add passion, boldness,
expression, and show the emotions in the song.

With the shadowing exercise the idea is to try to mimic all the aspects of the
speech of the speaker as close as possible, and almost instantly after the
speaker speaks. Shadowing is such a tool to improve your pronunciation because
you are constantly filling the blind spots in you speaking skills following the
native speaker.

Even though shadowing is a great exercise is very difficult at the start if you
target language is far away of your native one. Your focus should be try your
best and don't worry about your performance, it's a skill that requires a lot of
practice even though you do it with an audio in your native language. You will
notice in a few weeks or even days how it becomes easier and how the compound
effect helps you in other areas.

## Attempt 2

**Score:** 7

This is a different blog post, it isn't about a story, it's about a technique
that will help you to improve your pronunciation and listening, called
Shadowing.

The very first time you try to produce or even hear your target language, you
are going to notice how much your suck. And if your target language is far from
your native one it probably will be even harder.

You could experience a similar feeling even in your native language when you
hear a song. Singers usually modify the language to express passion, boldness,
emotions, feelings, etc. These changes modify things like the intonation and
rhythm.

Here it's where this exercise really brights even tough is pretty hard to start.
The technique consists of speaking right after the speaker of your audio speaks.
The idea is to try to mimic as close as possible all the aspects on the
speaker's speech like intonation, expression, rhythm, jokes, ways to express
ideas and so on.

At the beginning it should be pretty difficult, but the mindset you need to
apply here is to avoid thinking on every mistake you make, just start and
continue until the end of the audio. In some weeks or even days you are going to
be able to focus more in your blind spots than performing the technique. It
doesn't matter how long it could take, because you are going to achieve it
anyways. This is the sweet spot when your start to notice a massive improvement,
and a boost in your confidence.

## Attempt 3

**Score:** 8

This is a different blog post, it isn't about a story, it's about a technique
that will improve your pronunciation and listening, called Shadowing.

The very first time you try to produce your target language you are going to
notice how much you suck. And if your target language if far from your native
one It will be even harder.

This is because every language has a unique way to communicate ideas. You could
experience a similar feeling in your native language when you hear a song, since
the singers modify the rhythm and intonation to express passion, emotions,
feelings, boldness, etc.

There's when this exercise really shines. It's such a tool but is also pretty
hard to get used to. The technique consists of two parts, following the speaker
as close as possible, and try to imitate all aspects of the speaker's speech
like intonation, rhythm, jokes, pauses, and so on.

It's going to be tough, but totally worth it. The mindset to approach this
technique is to focus on be able to perform the technique itself instead of
trying to fill your blind spots. It will take weeks or even days, but it doesn't
matter, because you are going to achieve it anyways.

Once you are pretty decent with the technique, congratulations! This is the
sweet spot when you finally start to fix those blind spots, and get comfortable
in your pronunciation and listening to enjoy the whole process.
