# Stress â€“ the Natural Mosquito Repellant

## References

- [Stress - the Natural Mosquito Repellant - Deep English](https://deepenglish.com/lessons/stress-and-mosquitoes/)

## Attempt 1

**Score:** 6.5

We know that stress could cause many different illness and it's a problem
growing fast in our society during the last couple of years. But did you know
that stress can also protect us against mosquitoes?

Actually, the mosquito is the most dangerous animal in the world since it
carries Malaria. Mosquitoes kill over 3 million people every year, many of them
children.

Anyway, everyone hates mosquito bites, so we currently use harmful chemicals
like DEET to protect us against them. But now, scientific are found that stress
makes that our skin releases hormones that don't like to much to mosquitoes. So,
they are focus in the lab trying to replicate these hormones and create a
natural repellent against mosquitoes.

## Attempt 2

**Score:** 7.5

We know that stress could cause many different illnesses. Also, it's a fast
growing problem in our society during the last couple of years. But did you know
that stress can also protect us against mosquitoes?

By the way, the mosquito is the most dangerous animal in the planet since it
carries Malaria. They kill over 3 million people every year, many of them
children.

Anyway, everyone hates mosquito bites, and we are using harmful chemicals like
DEET to avoid them. But now, scientific have found that stress makes that our
skin releases certain hormones effective against mosquitoes. So, they are
focused in the lab trying to replicate these hormones which could end in a
natural repellent.

## Attempt 3

**Score:** 8

We know that stress could cause many different illnesses. Also, it's a very fast
growing problem in our society during the last couple of years. But did you know
that stress can also protect us against mosquitoes?

Actually, the mosquito is the most dangerous animal on the planet since it
carries Malaria. They kill over 3 million people every year, many of them
children.

Anyway, everyone hates mosquito bites. We are currently using harmful chemicals
like DEET to avoid them. But now, scientists have found that our skin releases
effective hormones against mosquitoes when we feel stress. So, they are focused
in the lab trying to replicate these hormones which could result in a natural
repellent.
