# Do You Need a Doctor to Speak Better English?

## References

- [Do You Need a Doctor to Speak Better English? - Deep English](https://deepenglish.com/lessons/frenectomies/)

## Attempt 1

**Score:** 6.5

I'm learning new things from the Deep English blog to pratice my communications
skills in English.

The first story I stumbled upon was about an interisting surgery to cut part of
the tissue behind the tongue in Korea to help to the children that aparently had
troubles speaking and pronouncing the language properly for their short tongue.

So with this surgery named frenectomies kids would be able to speak clearly
since the tissue become more flexible and free to produce English sounds.

According to the author and my own experience learning language, this it's a
miss conception and the way get adquire the ability to produce sounds that
doesn't exists in your native language is with pratice focusing on pay attention
to these new sounds and try to imitate them.

He (the author) also expose that Koreans born in America didn't have troubles
because of their tongue. This also reminds me that humans usually want one magic
solution to their problems and avoid tackeling the real cause.

## Attempt 2

**Score:** 7

I'm learning new things from the Deep English blog to practice my communication
skills.

The first story I heard was about an interesting surgery called Frenectomies.
It's a surgery to remove part of the tissue under the tongue with the propose of
make easy for kids to produce and pronounce English sounds.

But according to the author and my own experience learning languages, this
problem isn't about your tongue is about to be exposure to your target language,
focus on trying to hear the new sounds that doesn't exists in your native
language.

He (the author) also adds that native Koreans born in America doesn't have this
problem at all.

It's funny that humans usually want a magic solution to their problems avoiding
the real solution because is easier or simple to believe on that.

## Attempt 3

**Score:** 7

I'm learning new things from the Deep English blog to practice my communication
skills.

The first story I read was about an interesting surgery called Frenectomies.
It's a surgery to remove part of the tissue under the tongue with the purpose of
make it easier for kids to produce and pronounce English sounds.

But according to the author and my own experience learning languages, this
problem isn't about your tongue. It's about to be exposed to your target
language, focus on trying to hear the new sounds that don't exists in your
native language.

He (the author) also adds that native Koreans that was born in America don't
have this problem at all.

It's funny that humans usually want a magic solution to their problems avoiding
the real solution because is easier or simple to believe on that.

## Attempt 4

**Score:** 7.5

I'm learning to improve my communication skills. Using the Deep English blog to
summary stories in my own words and get feedback using AI.

The first story I read, was about an interesting surgery called Frenectomy. This
surgery consist on removing part of the tissue under the tongue with the purpose
of making it easier for kids to produce and pronounce English sounds.

But according to the author and my own experience learning languages. It isn't
about that you have troubles with your tongue. The things is that is really
difficult to produce sounds that don't exists in your native language, because
your brain is an expert to remove anything that isn't longer relevant, it
includes sounds that you don't use.

So, in order to be able to produce and pronounce this new sounds. You need to be
exposed to your target language for a long period of time, focused on hearing
this new sounds and trying to imitate them.

The author even shows that Koreans who were born in America don't have any
problem producing these sounds, and that's because they were exposed to
language.

Its curious how humans want a magic solution to their problems avoiding taking
action in the real problem, just because it's easier and simple to make excuses
and put the responsibility in other place or someone else.

## Attempt 5

**Score:** 7.5

I'm learning to improve my communication skills using the Deep English blog. I
read a story and then I summarize it in my words, like in the Feynman Technique.

The first story I read was about an interesting surgery called Frenectomy. The
surgery consists on removing part of the tissue under the tongue with the
purpose of making it easier for kids to produce and pronounce English sounds.

According to the author and my own experience learning languages, the real deal
because you struggle producing sounds from your target language is because they
don't exists on your native language. Since our brains are experts at removing
things we don't use, we developed a filter that avoid any sound that you don't
need to pay attention in your native language.

In order to improve your skill to use your target language, you need to be
immerse in your target language, focus on hearing these new sounds and trying to
imitate them. As always, a repetition is the key to master anything.

Also the author shows that native Koreans that were born in American don't have
this problem at all. It's pretty straight forward how be immerse all the time in
the language paid off.

It is curious how humans want a magic solution to all their problems instead of
taking action on the real problem. I think is because we are afraid to assume
the responsibility and it's easier and simple just fool ourselves and put the
responsibility in someone or something else.

## Attempt 6

**Score:** 7.5

I'm learning to improve my communication skills using the Deep English blog. I
read a story, summarize it in my own words, and finally get feedback from AI,
like in the Feynman Technique.

The first story I read was about an interesting surgery called Frenectomy. The
surgery consists on removing part of the tissue under the tongue with the
purpose of making it easier for kids to produce and pronounce English sounds.

According to the author and my own experience learning languages. The real
reason you struggle to produce these sounds it's because they don't exist in
your native language. Since our brains are experts at removing anything that we
don't use, we developed a filter to avoid hearing sounds that we don't need to
pay attention in our native language.

In order to increase your skill to produce your target language, you need to be
immerse in it for a long period of time, focus on hearing these new sounds and
trying to imitate them.

Also the author shows how native Koreans who were born in American don't have
this problem at all. It's pretty straightforward how being immerse in the
language paid off.

It is curious how humans want a magic solution to all their problems instead of
taking action tackling the real problem. It think is because were are afraid of
taking the responsibility, and it's easier and simple just fool ourselves and
put this responsibility on something or someone else.

## Attempt 7

**Score:** 8

I'm learning to improve my communication skills using the Deep English blog. I
read a story, summarize it in my words, and finally get feedback using AI, like
in the Feynman Technique.

The first story I read was about an interesting surgery called Frenectomy. The
surgery consists of removing part of the tissue under the tongue with the
purpose of making it easier for kids to produce and pronounce English sounds.

According to the author and my own experience learning languages, the real
reason you struggle with your target language is because these sounds don't
exist in your native language. Our brains are experts at removing anything that
isn't longer relevant, so we developed a filter to avoid any sound that we don't
need to pay attention in our native language.

In order to improve your ability to use your target language. You need to be
immersed in it for a long period of time, focus on hearing these new sounds and
trying to imitate them.

The author also shows how native Koreans born in American don't have this
problem at all. It's pretty straightforward how being immerse in the language
pays off.

It is curious how humans want a magic solution to all their problems instead of
taking action and tackling the real problem. I think is because we're afraid to
take the responsibility, and it's easier just fool ourselves and put this
responsibility on something or someone else.
