# Visualizing Your Future Success

## References

- [Visualizing Your Future Success - Deep English](https://deepenglish.com/lessons/visualizing-your-future-success/)

## Attempt 1

**Score:** 6.5

To start, this post is longer than usual and their links and references are
quite broken, but let's see what it's about.

It focus on visualizing anything you could imagine to improve. This technique is
very common in sports, e.g. basketball players imagine shooting better in their
minds and they get better in real life. He give us a little brief about how you
can put yourself in many different situations and try your best to continue or
start a conversation in your target language. Still, they gonna talk about how
you can visualize your future self as an improved version.

The first step is pretty straightforward, just imagine your best version. This
is not you dreaming, it's delivered decisions about what you want for yourself
and putting these ideas in a road that will end as you wish. You are carefully
choosing to increase the speed and likelihood of all of that happens in the big
picture.

In the second step you are going to try to be as much specific as you can. You
will decide what is the most important and realistic think. When you finally
take a decision, you are going to go all in with that, without changing or
getting distracted. There's how you will build your future self.

Next, in the third step is when you probably start to feeling doubts or overcome
but that's okay. It's important to start reframing our mindset and see these
kind of thought as an opportunity to grow. Do a truly deep introspection to get
rid of whatever is blocking your.

Finally, the fourth step is when your are going to think why it's important.
This is key, because in the future you will have even more doubts, and the
answer to those are the reasons in your why.

Visualizing works because you unlock the connection with your potential. You see
all of you could be able to be. As Napoleon Hill once said, "Whatever the mind
can conceive and believe, the mind can achieve"

## Attempt 2

**Score:** 7

To start, this post is longer than usual and its links and references are quite
broken, but let's see what it's about.

It focuses on visualizing on everything you want to improve. Apparently is a
very common technique in sports, e.g. basketball players use it to imagine
themselves shooting successfully and then they do better in real life. It sounds
like magic, isn't it?

You could use this technique to improve your fluency in your target language by
imagining yourself in the situation where you have to continue or start a
conversation. However, you could go even deeply changing any aspect you want,
and the best part is the fact that you could repeat this exercise whenever and
however you desire.

Anyway, the post is about how you can visualizing your future self as an
improved version. You just need to follow the next steps:

1. Imagine your best version and don't forget anything. So, before you start
   thinking that we are dreaming, let me explain. This is you carefully choosing
   the best for you, you are actually putting all these ideas in your mind,
   which ends increasing the speed and likelihood of transform them into
   reality.
2. Now that you know what you want, it's time to decide what is the most
   important step towards your future self. Once you take the decision, you are
   going to go all in on that, discarding whatever is against it, and as
   difficult as seems you won't change you focus.
3. In this point you are going to start having doubts and feel overwhelm, but
   that's okay, that happens to everybody. That is, you have to begin changing
   your mindset and see difficult as what they are, hidden opportunities.
4. Finally it's time to take your time and make a deep introspection about "why"
   you are doing this. This is really important because whenever you feel
   distracted, with doubts, or being scared you will go back and review your
   answers. So, you will notice that this is going to happen several times until
   eventually you and your future self become the same person at the time.

Visualizing works because you are unlocking all your potential and how Napoleon
Hill once said, "Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, the mind can
achieve"
