The last travel I did was when I go to the oftalmologia Ximena to make my annual
control, I've been using glasses for at least 5 years, but this time I just not
have issue with my glasses recipe, I also have problems with a ardor in the
middle of the nights.

I suddenly in the middle of the night I woke up with an ardor like if something
was throw into my eye, but that should be unlike since I have my eyes close for
sleeping. There was a high pain and ardor on my eyes at that moment I used to
use water to wash my eyes and try to get refresh and that works a little bit but
It also dried my eyes.

So I contact with the Doctor the schedule an appoinment as quickly as posible,
She is an incredible woman, very passionete for his job, she is constantly
looking for challenges with rare cases and hospital patiences.

That was a Thursday of Friday and she gave me an appoinment for Saturday at 10
a.m but like I don't like in Manizales where is the clinit where she works I
have to travel in a trip o 2-3 hours and I needed to take the more early bus to
arrive on time.

I had to wake up before 5 a.m. to get a bus and that was actually my first time
traveling on bus I usually travel with my dad in his motorcycle so this time was
a whole adventure, I didn't knowed where I have get out of the bus, but my
parents give me some ideas and advice of how to defend on my own in the city.

At the end of the day it isn't too hard but I almost lost the appoinment,
fortunately I knowed very well the location on the clinit and the area. Now in
the clinic I have to talk with the recepcionista and ask for help to get to the
consultorio de la doctora, she was very kind but the build was like a laverinto
for me, plus the consultorio was turning a corner so it was like camuflado.

I finally found the way to get to the consultorio and the Doc was finishing the
patiente before me. We greeting each other and the Doc start the chequeo.

My view and recipe was the same my eyes was very nice but I have Blefaritis,
that's a kind of caspa in the eyes, I already have Blefaritis when I was a child
but I nisiquiera lo recordaba.

The treat was easy to do and she also give me some of the drugs she send me to
following with the treatment.

I also wanted to change the lentes of my glasses because los que tenia estaban
bastante rallados and were difficult to clean.

After the appoinment I was to eat to Dominos which is a fastfood chain for pizza
mainly, I ordered a pizza Criolla it was delicious. Where I live there isn't
places to eat something like that so I aproveche.

Next I had to wait a long time until the bus I needed come to the station, but I
was so bore that I decided to walk until the bus I needed reached me.

Finally the right bus arrive to get to the teleferico. Once in the teleferico, I
didn't even knowed how to get a ticket to use the teleferico, gratefully an
guard help me to get to the taquilla and show me how to use the QR scanner to
get into the cabina from the teleferico.

In the;1
