# The Murph Challange

## ⌛ Changelog

- After attempt 3, I realised that I need to change to something for effective
  to apply the feedback I'm getting, it's dificult to absorbe and put inmediatly
  in practice while speaking. So I'm do logger steps based on the advice of
  ChatGPT, "write short texts → correct → read them aloud → then compare with
  your speaking transcription. This way both skills reinforce each other."

## Attempt #1

Okay, something I recently learned was about the murph challenge. It's a
challenge that consists on, it's a working training. I don't know it's about,
it's in the CrossFit, it's about CrossFit. I know that consists on running
certain miles, made certain pull-ups, certain push-ups, and certain air squats.
I don't know what are exactly the amount of things I need to to perform, but
I've been working on improving my mark. I did some research and I found on
Reddit a post about how to perform the MARF challenge. And she explains that
it's a good way to do 50 sets of 2 pull-ups, 4 push-ups, and 6 air squats. In
this way, you don't get much time, you delay the El cansancio and you can
perform several rounds. Currently, I just started with this challenge from 4
days ago, es decir, El Lunes. I started the Monday and I started with 14 sets
and today, Thursday, I could be able to perform 19 sets. I don't try to get to
my full, full, get to full, full limit. I just try to do my best without getting
injured.

## Attempt 2

I recently learned about the Murph challenge. I don't know exactly what is about
the challenge I know it is something related to CrossFit. I just started because
I want to change my current training method in the beginner level. I searched
for research about this challenge and I found a reddit post about how to be more
effective and overcome the challenge with this So in the post described that you
can improve your performance doing 15 sets of 2 pull ups, 4 push ups and 6 air
squats. With that in mind I started my journey on Monday I achieved 14 sets and
today Thursday I was able to perform 19 sets. I'm not trying to get to my
absolute limit. I'm just trying to improve my score with the time and don't get
injured

## Attempt 3

I recently learned about the mirth challenge I don't know this I don't know what
this challenge is about but I was I was looking for I was looking to I was
looking for it I was looking for a change in my current routine as a beginner as
a beginner I was looking for something different simple and more effective that
match that matches and matches my needs so I look it up on on on the internet
and I found a reddit post in the post the author is the creator describes how
you can improve your performance splitting the challenge splitting the challenge
in 50 sets of two push-ups two pull-ups four push-ups and six air squats I know
that you also need to run some distance but I but for now for now I'm avoiding
avoiding that part so I started my journey on Monday I could be able to achieve
14 sets and today Thursday I would be able I was I was able to perform 19 sets
I'm trying to do my best I'm not trying to go crazy and and try to get to my
absolute limit I'm just trying to improve over time and avoid get injured and
avoid

## Attempt 4

I recently learned about the Murph Challenge, I don't really know about what is
this challenge, I think is about CrossFit, but I'm sure. So I looking for a
change in my current training and I found interesting on this challenge for it's
simplicity. So I make some research on Google and stumble upon with a Reddit
post about how to get easier the workout splitting the routine and 50 sets of 2
pull-ups, 4 push-ups and 6 air squats, in the post the creator aslo talks about
the running part of the challenge but for now I'm skipping that part because my
ankles aren't in it's best form. Next I begin my journey this Monday with 14
sets, I rest for 2 day and follow with 19 sets. My goals it's not get to my
absolute limit, it's just about become better over time avoiding get injured.

## Attempt 5

I recently learned about the Murph Challenge, I don't really know what this
challenge is about. I think is about CrossFit, but I'm not sure. So I was been
looking for a change in my workout since I prefer simpler things easy to
execute. And I stumbled upon with a reddit Post about this challenge. In the
post the creator explains how to make easy the workout splitting the whole
routine in 50 sets of 2 pull-ups, 4 push-ups, 6 air squats and other strategies
for the running part, but I'm skipping the running while my ankles get better.
Next I began my journey on Monday with 14 sets, rest 2 day and finally today
thursday I was able to performe 19 sets. I could be able to do some extra sets
but my goal is improve over time and avoiding get injured.

## Attempt 6

**Score:** 7.5

I recently learned about the Murph Challenge. I don't really know what this
challenge it's about, I think is somehow related to Cross Fit, but I'm not sure.
I was looking on the internet for a new workout with 2 things in mind; first I
should be simple and second I should be easier to execute as a beginner. Then I
stumbled upon a Reddit post. In the post the creator explains some strategies to
make the whole routine easier, he suggests splitting the routine in 50 sets of 2
pull-ups, 4 push-ups, 6 air squats and something about the running part, but I'm
going to skip that part until my ankles get better. Next I began my journey with
14 sets on Monday, rested for 2 days and finally, today Thursday, I performed 19
sets with an excellent form. I could do some extra sets but my goal is to
improve over time and avoid getting injured.

## Attempt 7

**Score:** 8

I recently learned about the Murph Challenge. I don't really know what this
challenge is about, I think is somehow related to CrossFit, but I'm not sure. I
was looking for a change on my workout routine, I just needed 2 things, It
should be simple and easy to perform as a beginner. So I stumbled upon a Reddit
post about this challenge. In the post, the author explains a very effective
stragegy to make the routine easy, he split it into 50 sets of 2 pull-ups, 4
push-ups, 6 air squats and something about the running part, but I'm going to
skip that part until my ankles get better. With that information I began my
journey on Monday, I was able to perform 14 sets, then I rested for 2 days and
today Thursday, I perfom 19 sets. I could do some extra sets but my goal is to
improve over time and avoid getting injured.

## Attempt 8

**Score:** 8.5

I recently learned about the Murph challenge. I dont't really know what this
challenge is about, I think it's somehow related to CrossFit, But I'm not sure.

I was looking for a change in my workout routine. I just needed 2 things. It
should be simple and easy to execute as a beginner. So I stumbled upon a Reddit
post, in this the author explains a very effective strategy to approach the
challenge. He suggests splitting it into 50 sets of 2 pull-ups, 4 push-ups, 6
air squats and something else about the running part, but I'm going to skip that
until my ankles get better.

Next I began my journey on Monday, I was able to perform 14 sets, I rested for 2
days, and today (Thursday) I performed 19 with a very well form. Even I was able
to do some extra sets my goal is to improve over time and avoid getting injured.

## Attempt 9

**Score:** 9

I recently learned about the Murph Challenge. I don't really know what this
challenge is about, I think it's somehow related to CrossFit, but I'm not sure.

I was looking for a change on my workout routine. I just needed two things: It
should be simple and easy to execute as a beginner. So I stumbled upon a Reddit
post. In it, the author explains about a very effective strategy to approach the
challenge. He suggests splitting it into 50 sets of 2 pull-ups, 4 push-ups, 6
air squats and some advice about the running part... I'm going to skip that part
until my ankles get better.

Next I began my journey on Monday. I was able to perform 14 sets. I rested for 2
days, and today (Thursday) I performed 19 sets with good form. Even though I was
able to do some extra sets, my goal is to improve over time and avoid getting
injured.

## Attempt 10

**Score:** 9.2

I recently learned about the Murph challenge, I don't really know what this
challenge is about, I think it's somehow related to CrossFit, but I'm not sure.

I was looking for a change in my workout routine. I just need 2 things: I should
be simple and easy to execute as a beginner. So I stumbled open a Reddit post.
In it, the author explains a very effective strategy to approach the challenge.
He suggests splitting it into 50 sets of 2 pull-ups, 4 push-ups, 6 air squats
and, some tips about the running part. I'm going to skip the running part until
my ankles get better.

I began my journey on Monday and I was able to perform 14 sets. After resting
for 2 days I performed today (Thursday) 19 sets with good form. Even though I
was able to do some extra sets my goal is to improve over time and avoid getting
injured.

## Attempt 11

**Score:** 9.4

I recently learned about the Murph Challenge. I don't really know what this
challenge is about, I think it's somehow related to CrossFit, but I'm not sure.

I was looking for a change in my current workout routine. I just needed two
things: It should be simple and easy to execute as a beginner. So I stumbled
upon a Reddit post. In it, the author describes a very effective strategy to
approach the challenge. He suggests splitting it into 50 sets of 2 pull-ups, 4
push-ups, 6 air squats and some tips for the running part. I'm going to skip the
running part until my ankles get better.

I began my journey on Monday and I was able to performe 14 sets. After resting
for two days, today (Thursday) I performed 19 sets with good form. Even tough I
was able to do some extra sets, my goal is to improve over time and avoid
getting injured.

## Attempt 12

**Score:** 9.6

I recently learned about the Murph challenge. I don't really know what this
challenge is about. I think it's somehow related to CrossFit, but I'm not sure.

I was looking for a change in my current workout routine. I needed two things:
It should be simple and easy for a beginner to do. So I stumbled upon a Reddit
post. In it, the author describes a very effective strategy to approach the
challenge. He suggets splitting it into 50 sets of 2 pull-ups, 4 push-ups, 6 air
squats and some advice for the running part. But I'm going to skip the last
until my ankles get better.

I began my journey on Monday and I managed to perfom 14 sets. Today (Thursday),
after resting for two days I performed 19 sets with good form. Even though I was
able to do some extra sets, my goal is make progress over time and avoid getting
injured.

## Attempt 13

**Score:** 9.7

I recently learned about the Murph challenge. I don't really know what this
challenge is about, but I think it's somehow related to CrossFit. But I'm not
sure.

I was looking for a change in my current workout routine. I just needed two
things: It should simple and beginner-friendly. So I stumbled upon a Reddit post
where the author describes a very effective strategy to approach the challenge.
He suggests splitting it into 50 sets of 2 pull-ups, 4 push-ups, 6 air squats
and advice for the running part. To be honest I'm going to skip running until my
ankles get better.

I began my journey on Monday, I managed to perform 14 sets. Today (Thursday),
after resting for two days, I performed 19 sets with good form. Even though I
was able to do some extra sets, my goal is to make progress over time and avoid
getting injured.

## Attempt 14

**Score:** 9.9

I recently learned about the Murph challenge. I don't really know what this
challenge is about, but I think it's somehow related to CrossFit. I'm not sure.

I was looking for a change in my current workout routine. I needed two things:
It should be simple and beginner-friendly. So I stumbled upon a Reddit post that
describes a very effective strategy to approach the challenge. The author
suggests splitting it into 50 sets of 2 pull-ups, 4 push-ups, 6 air squats and
advice for the running part. To be honest, I'm going to skip running until my
ankles get better.

I began my journey on Monday, and I managed to perform 14 sets. Today
(Thursday), after resting for two days I completed 19 sets with good form. Even
though I was able to do some extra sets, my goal is to make progress over time
and avoid getting injured.

## Attempt 15

**Score:** 9.7

I recently learned about the Murph challenge. I don't really know what this
challenge is about, though I think it's somehow related to CrossFit.

I was looking for a change in my current workout routine. I just needed two
things: It should be simple and beginner-friendly. So I stumbled upon a Reddit
post that describes a very effective strategy to approach the challenge. The
author suggests splitting it into 50 sets of 2 pull-ups, 4 pull-ups, 6 air
squats, along with some advice for the running part. To be honest, I'm going to
skip the running for now until my ankles get better.

I began my journey on Monday, and I managed to perform 14 sets. Today
(Thursday), after resting for two days I completed 19 sets with good form. Even
though I was able to do some extra sets, my goal is to make progress over time
and avoid getting injured.

## Attempt 16

**Score:** 10

I recently learned about the Murph challenge. I don't really know what this
challenge is about, though I think it's somehow related to CrossFit.

I was looking for a change in my current workout routine. I just needed two
things: It should be simple and beginner-friendly. So I stumbled upon a Reddit
post that describes a very effective strategy to approach the challenge. The
author suggests splitting it into 50 sets of 2 pull-ups, 4 push-ups, 6 air
squats, along with some advice for the running part. To be honest, I'm going to
skip the running part for now until my ankles get better.

I began my journey on Monday, and I managed to perform 14 sets. Today
(Thursday), after resting for two days, I completed 19 sets with good form. Even
though I was able to do some extra sets, my goal is to make progress over time
and avoid getting injured.

## Attempt 17

**Score:** 10+

I recently learned about the Murph challenge. I don't really know what this
challenge is about, though I think it's somehow related to CrossFit.

I was looking for a change in my current workout routine. I just needed two
things: It should be simple and beginner-friendly. So I stumbled upon a Reddit
post that describes a very effective strategy to approach the challenge. The
author suggests splitting it into 50 sets of 2 pull-ups, 4 push-ups, 6 air
squats, along with some advice for the running part. To be honest, I'm going to
skip the running part until my ankles get better.

I began my journey on Monday, and I managed to perform 14 sets. Today
(Thursday), after resting for two days, I completed 19 sets with good form. Even
though I was able to do some extra sets, my goal is to make progress over time
and avoid getting injured.

---

I want to practice writing about things I recently learned. Please correct my
grammar, spelling, and word choice, and give me clear, detailed feedback in
three categories: Accuracy, Word Choice, and Flow focusing only 3 things at a
time. After that, give me an Overall Score from 0–10 so I can track my progress.

When correcting, don’t rewrite nothing for me — instead, point out specific
issues (like redundancy, sentence length, or word misuse) and explain with
examples how I could fix them. If I make small mistakes (like for know instead
of for now), highlight them clearly.

Optionally, don't show me a more polished/natural “native-like” version of my
text at the end. The goal is to improve both fluency and accuracy without losing
my personal voice over time.
