# Earthships â€“ Sustainable Homes of the Future

## References

[Earthships - Sustainable Homes of the Future - Deep English](https://deepenglish.com/lessons/earthships/)

## Attempt 1

**Score:** 6

This blog post is about how Earthships are design and how these houses seems to
be from a very natural and cozy future.

Earthships are made with recycled material like bottles, cans, used wood, and
plastic. You could think that they should look ugly, but is far from the
reality. They have beautiful designs showing off the recycle materials, fluid
based architecture to take advantage of the terrain and natural conditions to be
more sustainable.

They use solar and wind energy to be off the grid since are mainly located in
dessert like sites or thoughtfully places. They also have a water harvest system
to exploit the rain and condensation, to drinking, take a shower, pour the
plants, flushing the toilet, and so on.

I would like to visit one someday, the photos in their website are totally
stunning.

## Attempt 2

**Score:** 7

This blog post is about how Earthships are designed and how these houses seem to
be from a very natural and cozy future.

Earthships are made with recycled materials like plastic, used wood, bottles,
and cans. So you could think that they should look ugly, but that's far away
from reality. They show off the recycle materials using intricate patterns in
the walls and structure, followed by the fluid based architecture that takes
advantage of the terrain and maximizes its properties to be more sustainable.
And last but not least are strongly cover with beautiful local plants.

They use solar and wind energy to be off the grid since they are usually located
in desert-like sites and thoughtfully placed. They also have water harvest
systems to exploit the rain and condensation as source to water the plants,
drinking, taking a shower, flushing the toilet, and so on.

I would like to visit some of things houses one day, they photos from their
website are absolutely stunning.

## Attempt 3

**Score:** 8

This blog post is about how Earthships are designed and how these houses seem to
be from a natural and cozy future.

Earthships are made with recycled materials such as plastic, bottles, cans and
used wood. So, you could think that they should look ugly, but that's far from
reality. They show off the recycled materials using intricate patterns in the
walls and structure. They also have a fluid based architecture that takes
advantage of the terrain and maximizes its properties to be more sustainable.
Finally these houses are strongly covered with beautiful local plants.

They use solar and wind energy to be off the grid since they are usually located
in desert-like sites. They have a water harvest system as a source for watering
the plants, flushing the toilet, drinking, taking a shower, and so on.

I would like to visit one of these houses someday, the photos on their website
are absolutely stunning.
