# The Sunshine Vitamin

## References

- [The Sunshine Vitamin - Deep English](https://deepenglish.com/lessons/the-sunshine-vitamin/)

## Attempt 1

**Score:** 6.5

In this story we're talking about the importance of D Vitamin. We all know the
importance of a good diet and regular exercise for a health life, but in the
current world with all the commodities and access to light inside our homes we
forget about to get the sunshine.

Sunshine help us to avoid a large range of deceases and complications like
cancer, bones problems, common colds, and heart diseases. When our body is
expose to the sunshine lights, it transforms those into D Vitamin, plus fact
that's free and an easy font of D Vitamin.

Let's go outside and enjoy more of the beautiful of our days, just remember to
use sunshine protectors and be aware of how your feel to avoid being burn or get
insolado for the quantity of sunshine you're expose.

## Attempt 2

**Score:** 7.5

In this story we're talking about the importance of Vitamin D. We all know the
importance of a good diet and regular exercise for a healthy life. In the
current world with all the comforts and access to light inside our homes we
forget to get sunshine.

When our bodies get exposed to the sun rays, they transform these rays into
Vitamin D. It's important to have good levels of Vitamin D to avoid several
range of complications in our health. Some of these could be bones with a low
density, heart problems, cancer, and common colds.

Since get sunshine is so easy and have a lot of benefits, let's go outside and
enjoy our days.

Last but not least, don't forget to use some sunscreen with a good percentage of
protection to avoid getting sunburned, pay attention on how do you feel and stay
hydrated.

## Attempt 3

**Score:**

**Score:** 8

In the second story we're talking about the importance of Vitamin D. All of us
know that a good diet and regular exercise is key for a healthy life. In the
current world with all the comforts and the easy access to light inside our
homes we forget about getting sunshine.

When our bodies are exposed to the sun rays, they transform these into Vitamin
D. Having good levels of Vitamin D is very important to avoid several
complications in our health. Some of the main complications could be low bone
density, cancer, heart problems, and common colds.

Getting sunshine is so easy and has a lot of benefits, so let's go outside and
enjoy more beautiful days. But don't forget to use a sunscreen with an adequated
protection to avoid getting sunburned, pay close attention to how you feel, and
stay hydrated.
